[[🟣 English]] #english 

My Mini Individual oral discusses issues found in the FOI of politics power and justice, more specifically on the distribution of wealth and resources and equality and inequality. John Holcroft is a British graphic designer who started freelancing in 1996 until the early 2000's where he went digital and did commission work for large companies and individuals. He is known for his more vintage style of drawing while he tackles social norms and issues. As found in his uncommisioned editorial work the image "illustration about the squeeze on the cost of living" demonstrates the realism and effect of increasing cost of living through the scale, symbolism and imagery of the image. 

Within the context of politics power and justice, it can be seen that the family is being financially squeezed from the increased living. As depicted in the photo, the family is significantly smaller than the toothpaste tube. This shows that it is a large and widespread issues. An issue that may be beyond just a single British household but an issue that effects many. The primary audience of the image is most likely the family unit, as a form of informing people. This way the family unit may have some time to prepare for the worst to happen. 

Furthermore, This illustration shows the increasing cost of living and its effects on the normal family. Part of the illustration is the symbolism of the toothpaste tube. As shown in the toothpaste coming out the tube its in the shape of a British Pound Sterling, the currency for British. Additionally there is a image of the queen of England (who has since passed). These symbols along with being with the origin of John Holcroft also show us that the entirety of Britain is facing it. Instead of using the US dollar for example, typically used for representation of global money, John Holcroft is saying that the issue of increasing cost of living is a sever issue in Britain. One subtext is that is the local impacts this will have on the British economy as less people will have money to spend and thus leading to a economic crisis. 

Finally, The Image helps emphasize the squeeze that can be felt on the family unit. As part of the actions of the characters in the image, they are physically squeezing the toothpaste tube. Additionally, its shown that everyone is helping, even the younger child. The image helps emphasize the squeeze that can be felt and the struggle in terms of finances. The family is trying to physically squeeze everything they possibly have left. Everything that is possible to do with the 50 Pound note will not go to waste and there will be everything done to continue to survive on top of increasing prices. 

In summation, the negative emotional response from the reader who not be a positive emotion. Its extremely unfortunate that many have to endure increasing costs of living. John Holcroft tackles many global issues and once as widespread as this is extremely important to keep in mind. 



